README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Dulanka Charidu <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1303154/88677602-1635ba80-d120-11ea-84d8-d263ba5fc3c0.gif" width="28px" alt="hi">
Cyber Security Specialist & Ethical Hacker

Hello, I'm Dulanka Charidu, a seasoned Cyber Security Specialist, Penetration Tester, and Bug Hunter. Over the years, I've successfully secured government and non-government projects, earning recognition from leading companies for my prowess in vulnerability assessment and penetration testing.

My technical proficiency includes hands-on experience in identifying and mitigating cybersecurity threats, ensuring robust protection against potential breaches. Join me in navigating the complex terrain of cybersecurity, where every challenge is an opportunity to fortify our digital defenses and shape a secure digital landscape."

:mailbox: Reach me out!

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Connect-0e76a8?style=flat&labelColor=0e76a8&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dulankacharidu/) [![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@Follow-1ca0f1?style=flat&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/hinad5)](https://twitter.com/dulankacharidu) [![YouTube Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Subscribe-e74c3c?style=flat&labelColor=e74c3c&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@dulankacharidu) [![Mail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@Follow-e84393?style=flat&labelColor=e84393&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/dulankacharidu) [![Mail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-c0392b?style=flat&labelColor=c0392b&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:blackwood.lk@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Revise README with enhanced personal description
Updated personal introduction and added new skills and experiences.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Dulanka Charidu <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1303154/88677602-1635ba80-d120-11ea-84d8-d263ba5fc3c0.gif" width="28px" alt="hi">
Cyber Security Specialist, Ethical Hacker, IT Expert, Microcontroler(esp32) & App Developer

    Hello, I'm Dulanka Charidu, a seasoned Cyber Security Specialist 🔒, Penetration Tester 🛡️, Bug Hunter 🐞, Ethical Hacker 💻, IT Expert 🖥️, Microcontroller (ESP32) Developer 📟, and App Developer 📱. With extensive experience securing government and non-government projects, I've earned recognition from leading companies for my expertise in vulnerability assessment, penetration testing, and ethical hacking.
In 2013, I founded Virtual Creation 🏢 -https://fb.com/vcreation.lk , an IT service provider offering comprehensive solutions across all facets of information technology. Building on that success, in 2015, I established DC Construction & Electrical 🔌 -  -https://fb.com/dcreation.lk, specializing in construction 🏗️, renovation 🔨, electrical systems ⚡, and networking services 🌐. These ventures have honed my skills in building robust IT infrastructures and integrating technology into diverse industries.

    Currently, I'm deepening my knowledge in microcontrollers and related technologies, exploring innovative applications in IoT and embedded systems 🤖. My technical proficiency spans identifying and mitigating cybersecurity threats, developing microcontroller-based solutions with ESP32, creating innovative applications, and overseeing multidisciplinary projects. Join me in exploring the dynamic world of technology and cybersecurity, where every challenge drives innovation 💡 to protect and enhance our digital and physical future.
:mailbox: Reach me out!

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Connect-0e76a8?style=flat&labelColor=0e76a8&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dulankacharidu/) [![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@Follow-1ca0f1?style=flat&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/hinad5)](https://twitter.com/dulankacharidu) [![YouTube Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Subscribe-e74c3c?style=flat&labelColor=e74c3c&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@dulankacharidu) [![Mail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@Follow-e84393?style=flat&labelColor=e84393&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/dulankacharidu) [![Mail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-c0392b?style=flat&labelColor=c0392b&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:blackwood.lk@gmail.com)
